//Items

item.copper_ingot.name=Copper Ingot
item.copper_nugget.name=Copper Nugget
item.silver_ingot.name=Silver Ingot
item.silver_nugget.name=Silver Nugget
item.tin_ingot.name=Tin Ingot
item.tin_nugget.name=Tin Nugget
item.bronze_ingot.name=Bronze Ingot
item.bronze_nugget.name=Bronze Nugget


//Tools
item.copper_ingot_sword.name=Copper Sword
item.copper_pickaxe.name=Copper Pickaxe
item.copper_ingot_axe.name=Copper Axe
item.copper_ingot_shovel.name=Copper Shovel
item.copper_ingot_hoe.name=Copper Hoe
item.copperbow.name=Copper Bow
item.copper_sai.name=Copper Sai
item.iron.sai.name=Iron Sai


//Blocks
tile.copper_block.name=Copper Block
tile.silver_block.name=Silver Block
tile.bronze_block.name=Bronze Block
tile.tin_block.name=Tin Block
tile.marble_block.name=Marble 
tile.limestone_block.name=Limestone 
tile.chiseled_limestone_block.name=Chiseled Limestone 
tile.ore_overworld_copper.name=Copper Ore
tile.ore_overworld_tin.name=Tin Ore
tile.ore_overworld_silver.name=Silver Ore


//Armor
item.bronze_helmet.name=Bronze Helmet
item.bronze_chestplate.name=Bronze Chestplate
item.bronze_leggings.name=Bronze Leggings
item.bronze_boots.name=Bronze Boots



//Food and Crops
item.rice_bowl.name=Rice Bowl
item.rice.name=Rice
tile.rice_plant.name=Rice Plant
